hello guys so I'm back after four and a
half months a long a long break so I'm
back now I'm gonna give you some
extraordinary mesmerizing tutorials and
this is one of it this brick is also
performed by Criss Angel the god of
magic and look at the performance first
and then I'm going to teach you how
Criss Angel really does the trick so
here the promised respect spread the
cards and tell spectator to choose the
card so tell the choose on this one so
this is the card I choose we can see the
card as it to space I just place it down
we take the rest of the cards to space
in the card children by the spectators
and what we're going to do is actually
you're going to place the two space
somewhere in the middle of the deck so
tell here okay so two of space goes
right there and deck and now with snap
of my finger just a snap the card comes
to the top look this is not just paste
I'm sorry one more slap and the card
comes with jump oh my god no it's wrong
but I have one more option to do you
don't watch I can place these two cards
here and face don't pack on the face
down pack and what happens with just a
wave about the facedown cards all turn
up right like this except for one card
that is the two of spades
so this is a tutorial for the cross
angel trick I've seen performance just
now and this is how he does this this
trick and also a little bit of setup
there and the setup is that the bottom
three cards are gonna face down right
like this so these are the bottom three
cards no matter what cost they are but
you have to put them face down right
like this
so all cost normal that's it for the
last three cards there face down so then
you're ready to go you can ask a
spectator to do the card make sure that
you don't show last three cards and
proceed
does it very well so we're gonna talk
spectator to choose the card so solitude
with this one no matter which all this
is a very good card no matter which card
to choose I'm going to put it down like
this and not conflict a key part when
he's speaking with respect yes
okay you go but draw the attention right
towards the face make sure that they do
not look at the cost and when you are
distracting them what you have to do is
just flip over the whole deck so this is
how the deck looks now the dream cuts so
what if you do is tell something out
this is ASA spades very good card and
just flip it up and nobody will notice
that for sure
so now what you all have is the only
three cards at our face down and the
rest of the cost of face up so I'm going
to place the ace of spades somewhere in
the middle you can place it anywhere you
wish but you know that
now if the a space it's already face
down because you flip the deck okay so
the a spade goes right there then it's
gonna throw up alright you can use a
patter words or whatever you want you to
snap and tell them that the card comes
to top oh they'll think if you have not
succeeded in completing the trick all
right okay not a problem I'll try that
with the second one do one more snap and
the second coil also will not be that
off sure so now what we have is only one
card facedown and all the rest of the
cards are face up so what I'm going to
do is going to place these two cards
right on the top just give away or
whatever you wish and I'm gonna spread
to the cards make sure that you do not
show the third car right there so you
can spread the cards right like this and
to all the cost faced up except for one
card here that is the ace of spades
so that is aa person who performs just
excellent trick so I hope you've enjoyed
the specs and a lot more beautiful
toriel's
to come so don't miss me and thank you
for watching I'll see you next time